1. I chose to use python becuase of the tools that it provides for comparing
strings as well as the ability to use dictionaries to map payer to their point values. I am also most comfortable with python
and java and I thought my python solution was more elegant so I used python for comfortability as well.
I utilized a merge sort to organize the transactions by date because it is an efficient sort method.
I could have used quick sort as well because they are both n log n efficiency but I prefer merge sort 

2. My solution is efficient in the way it counts the points. It does not have the capability to keep track of 
all of the transactions organzied by payer. If I were to attempt to locate all of the transactions from Dannon for example,
I would need to iterate through the entire list of transactions. I considered using an object oriented method that would make
each payer their own object that would contain total points, as well as a list of the transactions with that payer. The reason
I did not use this solution is becuase it would still require me to save a full list of transaction. It did not help solve the 
problem i was given, but I could see this being a useful tool in the larger context of the fetch system. A disadvantage of my
solution is that python runs slowly compared to other languages. If my code were to be scaled up in python, it would be slower
solutions in other languages. 

3. My favorite proejct that I have worked on was to read in a text file of 50 poker hands of 2 different players and return
which player won more hands. The assignemnt was meant to be done in java. This porject challenged me to think in an object oriented
way. To tackle this, I first created a card class. Each card held was represented as a 2 or 3 character string: first the suit
then the value that was represented as 1-10, J,Q,K. I gave each card a string suit attribute and an int value. I then created
methods to compare cards. Next, I created a hand class to help me differentiate between a single card and a whole hand. I
was able to look for specific cards that would be required to complete a royal flush or a two pair. Each type of hand was given
a value and ties were broken by comparing specific cards. This was a great exercise more allowing me to think in terms of objects.